No, no, I don't know.
Maybe he used the building
Some kind of secret method of using acupuncture points
You got it.
The old lady uses the method of moving the stars
I didn't expect it, okay, Chen Tianjiao
I didn't expect you to keep a hand
I'm really impressed
Lord Imperial Preceptor
King Chen had some reservations
No choice to run away
Instead, stop the stars
Isn't that enough to prove the inference wrong?
Lao Tzu's inference is absolutely correct
The reason why Chen Tianjiao wants to keep Liao Fan
It's just that I'm afraid he will turn against the water
Afraid of Liao Fan
Shake out the dirty things that Chen Tianjiao did
Liu Xieshan and Zhang Yuntao were silenced in front of him
What Zhang Zihao said is completely reasonable
Nonsense
You two leak everything
Today, if I, Chen Tianjiao, do not report the truth to the world
I swear not to be human
Qin Shuangxun, where are you?
Why hasn't Di Jing heard the news yet?
Who?
Trespassing in the Imperial Palace
Entrusted by King Chen Zhan and Liao Fan
I personally came to deliver a secret letter to the king
This arrow is real
Well, this lady will wait at the door.
I'll report it now
It's been 28 hours
I don't know what's going on with Liao Fan
He said that this time he gambled on the national luck of the building
Is it really that serious?